# Things that I plan on using in this application

## UI Libraries

### [Blueprint](https://blueprintjs.com/)

This library looks really nice. It has a very clean asthetic to it that makes me
feel like this would be a great library to use.

My only issue with this is that it isn't a mobile-first ui library. This means
that most of the things that are especially useful for ui responsiveness on
multiple platforms is simply non-existant here.

Looking for other options, but I may use this in the future.

### [Ant Design](https://ant.design/)

Simple looking UI components with a very similar feel to many applications I've
used in the past. It's not as fast as I'd hope and seems to lock up when
multiple elements are hovered in quick succession (Noticed it on their main
page).

I wouldn't pick this as a first choice, but it wouldn't be my last either.

### [Shards React](https://designrevision.com/downloads/shards-react/)

This basically looks like a React-based version of Bootstrap. At first, it
seemed nice, but the more that I think about it, the more I realize that I could
probably (and should probably) just write my own components if I'm going to use
this library.

It doesn't seem like it brings anything to the table that Bootstrap doesn't and
seems a bit more cluttered. Lots of code to accomplish simple things.

Probably not bad to use, but I think that the effort I would use to learn this
library would be better spent just making my own Bootstrap components that are
easier to use than the ones from Shards.

### [Semantic UI React](https://react.semantic-ui.com/)

I'm gonna take a wild guess and say that this is the base UI that you get with
Wordpress. It's a bit bland and there really isn't anything going on here.

I'm not sure if it's an issue with the css animations chosen on their site, but
some of the buttons have a sluggish feel to them. It's not like that for all
buttons but any with an animation seem to lag behind or jitter.

I wouldn't call this library a pretty one. It just seems like there isn't much
happening and many of the elements are not centered or aligned properly. Their
website also seems a bit off to me. Lots of repetitive sections that seem to
expect the code to be visible but it isn't.

Not going to use this library for now. May check it out in the future if things
change.

### [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/)

A UI library that was definitely built to be simple to use and develop with.
Many of the different UI elements are clean while still having a minimalistic
view to them. Looking at the source code for the different components makes me
optimistic that this UI library will be easy to setup and use.

Although some of the forms are not perfect in my opinion, most of the other
elements seem to flow very well.

Going to check this one out for this project.

### [React Suite JS](https://rsuitejs.com/)

Similar to Material UI in the sense that it is very clean. I like many of the
options that they have. Probably not my first choice but I may check this out in
the future.

## Animation Libraries

### [Animate.css](https://animate.style)

Seems like an option for creating effects in a streamlined fashion. My only
gripe with this is how aggressive some of the base animations are. It doesn't
however seem difficult to modify these values.

May take a look is the UI library I use does not have built in animations.
